[Music]
ten unique body features only 5% of
people have all people in the world are
different and each and every one is
unique and yet some of us have rare
features that occur in only a few
percent of humans do you know anybody
whose bones are harder than concrete
perhaps your eyelashes grow not in one
with two lines just like shark's teeth
in this video you're going to get to
know about some of the most unusual and
mind-boggling characteristics only few
people have some are just nice physical
features but there are those Superman
himself would envy watch it to learn
some curious facts and remember to
appreciate our work with alike number 10
incredibly dense bones studying the gene
lrp 5 responsible for the mineralization
of Bones scientists discovered mutations
which caused diseases accompanied by
bone fragility yet there is another type
of LR p5 mutation it gives a person
super dense bones that are almost
impossible to break and skin that is
less prone to aging such bones are
several times tougher than those of an
average person people with such a
mutation could potentially stay unharmed
after a car accident although it sounds
cool there are drawbacks the excessive
growth of bones can result in the
pressure on nerves and the brain in the
worst case this mutation can lead to
hearing loss another problem that can
occur happened with one elderly patient
when he needed a replacement for a
worn-out joint his excessively dense
bones didn't let doctors help him
number nine goldenblood
it's not golden in the literal sense of
course not but it has a unique feature
it contains no antigens on the surface
of every red blood cell people typically
have about 342 antigens 160 of which can
be found in almost everybody if a person
has a lack of at least one of these
antigens their blood is rare you can
imagine how unbelievably rare is the
blood of those who lack almost a hundred
percent of antigens this feature was
discovered in 1961 and up to now only
about 40 people with RH null blood have
been recorded nine of them are
incredibly valuable donors because their
blood is suitable for any recipient
[Music]
number eight long Palmer muscle this
muscle is the legacy from our ancestors
who used to climb trees a recent study
has shown that 16% of people don't have
this thin tendon it is too weak to
affect your grip and even if it is cut
it won't make any visible changes to
check if you belong to this 16% of the
population put your hand palm up on a
flat surface touch your little finger
and thumb and slightly lift them if you
see a ligament on your wrist you are the
owner of a long palm or muscle don't
worry about it if you're not it's
useless in modern life unless your hobby
is tree climbing that is number seven
genetic chimer ISM ancient Greek myths
described the Chamara as a creature with
the head and neck of a lion the trunk of
a goat and a snake's tail
human chimer ism is an additional set of
DNA sometimes it appears in the form of
mosaic skin or heterochromia but most
often it remains unnoticed trimer ism
isn't dangerous but it can cause family
problems there was a case when a mother
almost lost her children because genetic
analysis showed they weren't related
the woman needed a kidney donor and
after she and her closest relatives gave
their blood samples everybody was
confused
two of the three sons born of her didn't
show any biological similarities to the
woman only after examination of the
woman's hair skin and mucous doctors
found out that she was Chamara
[Music]
she was formed from two mother's eggs
fertilized by two father's sperms later
two embryos created as a result of it
fused into one forming one person number
six double lashline this is a rare
genetic disorder called distich Isis the
most famous owner of double eyelashes
was Hollywood star Elizabeth Taylor this
Takaya sis Yu Zhi Lee doesn't bring any
inconvenience people with this unusual
feature may have just several sparse
hairs growing on one lid or full lines
of lashes doubling the ones everybody
has yet in some cases the second row of
eyelashes can be too close to the mucous
membrane of the eye causing irritation
sometimes very intense
number five a hole near the ear this is
a congenital or Rick Euler fistula form
during field development occurring in
about five percent of people in fact in
the USA less than 1% of people have them
in Asia and some other parts of Africa
this figure is higher from five to ten
percent it's assumed to be an atavism
reminiscent of the fact that the
ancestors of all living beings once had
gills this hole is often inherited
genetically they can be present on one
or both ears this distribution is 50/50
it can be removed surgically but in
itself it's not dangerous
number four additional ribs every adult
out of 500 individuals has an extra rib
while all the other people have two
dozen these lucky ones can have 25 or
even 26 ribs in their body
excessive ribs are more often found in
women such ribs are also called cervical
as they're located in the cervical spine
area they grow just above the collarbone
their sizes can be different from just
barely visible to fully grown ribs in
most cases they don't affect the health
and well-being of a person but sometimes
they can reach impressive sizes and
cause discomfort they may compress
nerves and blood vessels which can
result in shoulder and neck pains and
even loss of feeling in the limbs number
three ability to perceive invisible
colors another feature that's more
commonly found in women is tetrachromacy
the ability to distinguish shades much
better than ordinary people do with a
dandelion we describe its color as
yellow a tetrachromatic person will see
a whole range of shades this condition
is caused by the mutations in the X
chromosome the
difference allows people to see up to 99
million colors while an ordinary person
perceives no more than 1 million the
favorite color of such people is often
white all other colors may seem a bit
too overwhelming for them an artist from
Australia captures how she perceives the
world in her pictures where most people
will see only gray Concetta
and Tico notices orange yellow blue
green her pictures are like a mosaic of
beautiful colors this mutation is in
fact more common than we think as much
as 12% of the female population have it
though only a small part of all these
women can enjoy it number 2 small need
for sleep these people can fully restore
strengths twice as fast as most of us
among such lucky ones were Margaret
Thatcher Salvador Dali Winston Churchill
and Nikola Tesla it's not just about the
right sleep regimen the Dec 2 gene is a
small mutation found in low sleep people
scientists from the University of
California came to the conclusion that
people with the Dec 2 mutation can
perform all the same tasks in less time
can you imagine having just four hours
of sleep daily you will get 60 days of
free time a year short sleepers don't
feel tired or lethargic they never sleep
in typical time for waking up is 4 or 5
o'clock in the morning these people are
as a rule very energetic and optimistic
number one impossibility of cholesterol
growth
there's an extremely small group of
lucky people who can eat almost anything
without worrying about cholesterol their
risk of developing heart disease is
reduced by as much as 90% while an
average American is straining to reach a
perfect result of less than a hundred
milligrams of bad cholesterol per
deciliter of blood people with this
mutation have about 15 the reason is
they don't have enough working copies of
the pcsk9 gene pharmaceutical companies
decided to take advantage of this and
began creating a drug that would block
pcsk9 have you got any of these amazing
features perhaps your friends or
relatives do write to us in the comments
below remember to hit the like button
the more likes this video gets the more
people will be able to watch it if we
see 15,000 likes we will tell you about
the most incredible things the human
body is capable of don't miss anything
cool and exciting subscribe to our
channel to stay on the Brightside with
us
[Music]